OSDOCS-15561# Release note for vSphere host groups GA. (#112053)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features.adoc

+
For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_azure/ipi/installing-azure-customizations.adoc#installation-azure-enabling-user-managed-DNS_installing-azure-customizations[Enabling a user-managed DNS] and xref:../installing/installing_azure/ipi/installing-azure-customizations.adoc#installation-azure-provisioning-own-dns-records_installing-azure-customizations[Provisioning your own DNS records].

OpenShift zones support for vSphere host groups is generally available::
+

> With this release, you can map {product-title} failure domains to {vmw-full} host groups. This enables you to make use of the high availability offered by a {vmw-short} stretched cluster configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, you can map {product-title} failure domains to {vmw-full} host groups. This means that you can make use of the high availability offered by a {vmw-short} stretched cluster configuration.
```

Removes anthorphomorphism.

Author: Resolved.

+

> OpenShift zones support for vSphere host groups was introduced in {product-title} 4.19 with Technology Preview status. In {product-title} 4.22, it is now generally available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift zones support for {vmw-short} host groups was introduced in {product-title} 4.19 with Technology Preview status. In {product-title} 4.22, it is now generally available.
```

{vmw-short} do for all other "vSphere" references.

Author: Resolved.

> OpenShift zones support for vSphere host groups was introduced in {product-title} 4.19 with Technology Preview status. In {product-title} 4.22, it is now generally available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift zones support for vSphere host groups was introduced in {product-title} 4.19 with Technology Preview status. In {product-title} {product-version}, it is now generally available.
```

Author: Resolved.
